index.md, before:

---
title: Maurizio Atzori Home Page
---

Welcome to Maurizio Atzori's Home
=================================

Short CV
--------
Maurizio Atzori was born in 1978 in Italy. He
graduated in Computer Science (Informatica) summa cum laude in
2002, from the [University of Pisa](http://www.unipi.it/). 
He holds a PhD in Computer Science from the [School for Graduate Studies "Galileo Galilei"](http://www.di.unipi.it/galilei/), University of Pisa, obtained in 2006. 
He has been member of the [ISTI-CNR](http://www.isti.cnr.it/), holding a research fellowship from [CNR](http://www.cnr.it/sitocnr/Englishversion/Englishversion.html) of Pisa, and a member of [Knowledge Discovery and Delivery Laboratory](http://www-kdd.isti.cnr.it/). 
He has been visiting scholar at [Purdue Univesity](http://www.cs.purdue.edu/) (Indiana, USA), working with Prof. [Christopher W. Clifton]((ìhttp://www.cs.purdue.edu/people/clifton) and his research team.
He has been visiting resercher working with Prof. [Yucel Saygin](http://people.sabanciuniv.edu/ysaygin/) at [Sabanci University](http://www.sabanciuniv.edu/mdbf/eng/) (Istanbul, Turkey) and at [UCLA](http://www.cs.ucla.edu/), collaborating with Prof. [Carlo Zaniolo](http://www.cs.ucla.edu/~zaniolo/).
Since December 2010 he is _Assistant Professor_ (Ricercatore Universitario, Professore Aggregato) at the [Department of Mathematics and Computer Science](http://dipartimenti.unica.it/matematicaeinformatica/) of the [University of Cagliari](http://www.unica.it) (Italy).
His major research interests regard database and dataspaces, data integration, data mining and privacy-preserving algorithms for data management.

<!-- He discussed a thesis on Decision Trees and Abduction,
about the use of abductive inference with decision trees in the
context of classification.--> <!-- Since 2003 he is a <a href=
"http://www.di.unipi.it/phd/">PhD student in Computer Science</a>
at the <a href="http://www.di.unipi.it/galilei/">School for
Graduate Studies "Galileo Galilei"</a>, University of Pisa.-->

News
----

  - PC Member of the 2013 International Workshop on Trust, Security and Privacy for Big Data ([TrustData 2013](http://trust.csu.edu.cn/conference/TrustData2013/Call_for_Papers.htm)), Zhangjiajie, China, November 13-15, 2013. Deadline for submissions: June 15, 2013
  - Our WWW2012 work [SWiPE: Searching Wikipedia By Example](http://www2012.wwwconference.org/proceedings/companion/p309.pdf) described by international magazine [New Scientist](http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn21625-new-search-tool-to-unlock-wikipedia.html), [ZDNet](http://www.zdnet.com/blog/feeds/swipe-allows-deep-search-semantic-queries-using-the-wikipedia-ui/4698), [Communications of the ACM](http://cacm.acm.org/news/147727-new-search-tool-to-unlock-wikipedia/fulltext) and translated in several languages
  - [Math/CS Department](http://dipartimenti.unica.it/matematicaeinformatica), [University of Cagliari](http://unica.it) ([Sardinia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sardinia), Italy)

Commit message:

publications sections (no list, only references to dblp & anagrafe

index.md, after:

---
title: Maurizio Atzori Home Page
---

Welcome to Maurizio Atzori's Home
=================================

Short CV
--------
Maurizio Atzori was born in 1978 in Italy. He
graduated in Computer Science (Informatica) summa cum laude in
2002, from the [University of Pisa](http://www.unipi.it/). 
He holds a PhD in Computer Science from the [School for Graduate Studies "Galileo Galilei"](http://www.di.unipi.it/galilei/), University of Pisa, obtained in 2006. 
He has been member of the [ISTI-CNR](http://www.isti.cnr.it/), holding a research fellowship from [CNR](http://www.cnr.it/sitocnr/Englishversion/Englishversion.html) of Pisa, and a member of [Knowledge Discovery and Delivery Laboratory](http://www-kdd.isti.cnr.it/). 
He has been visiting scholar at [Purdue Univesity](http://www.cs.purdue.edu/) (Indiana, USA), working with Prof. [Christopher W. Clifton]((ìhttp://www.cs.purdue.edu/people/clifton) and his research team.
He has been visiting resercher working with Prof. [Yucel Saygin](http://people.sabanciuniv.edu/ysaygin/) at [Sabanci University](http://www.sabanciuniv.edu/mdbf/eng/) (Istanbul, Turkey) and at [UCLA](http://www.cs.ucla.edu/), collaborating with Prof. [Carlo Zaniolo](http://www.cs.ucla.edu/~zaniolo/).
Since December 2010 he is _Assistant Professor_ (Ricercatore Universitario, Professore Aggregato) at the [Department of Mathematics and Computer Science](http://dipartimenti.unica.it/matematicaeinformatica/) of the [University of Cagliari](http://www.unica.it) (Italy).
His major research interests regard database and dataspaces, data integration, data mining and privacy-preserving algorithms for data management.

<!-- He discussed a thesis on Decision Trees and Abduction,
about the use of abductive inference with decision trees in the
context of classification.--> <!-- Since 2003 he is a <a href=
"http://www.di.unipi.it/phd/">PhD student in Computer Science</a>
at the <a href="http://www.di.unipi.it/galilei/">School for
Graduate Studies "Galileo Galilei"</a>, University of Pisa.-->

News
----

- PC Member of the 2013 International Workshop on Trust, Security and Privacy for Big Data ([TrustData 2013](http://trust.csu.edu.cn/conference/TrustData2013/Call_for_Papers.htm)), Zhangjiajie, China, November 13-15, 2013. Deadline for submissions: June 15, 2013
- Our WWW2012 work [SWiPE: Searching Wikipedia By Example](http://www2012.wwwconference.org/proceedings/companion/p309.pdf) described by international magazine [New Scientist](http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn21625-new-search-tool-to-unlock-wikipedia.html), [ZDNet](http://www.zdnet.com/blog/feeds/swipe-allows-deep-search-semantic-queries-using-the-wikipedia-ui/4698), [Communications of the ACM](http://cacm.acm.org/news/147727-new-search-tool-to-unlock-wikipedia/fulltext) and translated in several languages
- [Math/CS Department](http://dipartimenti.unica.it/matematicaeinformatica), [University of Cagliari](http://unica.it) ([Sardinia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sardinia), Italy)

Teaching
--------
[Computer Science @ Unica](http://informatica.unica.it/)
Students can join the PR2 course at the [course page in Moodle](http://moodle.unica.it/course/view.php?id=51)
- [Programmazione II - Object-Oriented Programming](http://informatica.unica.it/index.php?section=course&amp;id=79) (since A.A. 2010/11)

Publications
------------
An updated list of my publications can be found at [DBLP](http://www.informatik.uni-trier.de/~ley/db/indices/n-tree/a/Atzori:Maurizio.html), as reported in the Computer Science Bibliography maintained by Michael Ley.

Another source is the [Research Catalog of the University of Cagliari](http://anagrafericerca.unica.it/anagrafe/it/risultati_prodotti.wp?tipo=RIC_PROD&id=RIC86316&new=1)
